<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
                template="/WEB-INF/template/BjmTemplate.xhtml"
                xmlns:c="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsp/jstl/core"
                xmlns:pt="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough"
                xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core">

    <ui:define name="content">
        <div class="w3-col m7">
            <div class="w3-row-padding">
                <div class="w3-col m12">
                    <div class="w3-card w3-round w3-white">
                        <div class="w3-container w3-padding">
                            <h4 class="w3-margin-left">About Us</h4>
                            <br/>
                            <p style="text-align: center">
                                “Where the mind is without fear<br/>
                                and the head is held high,<br/>
                                where knowledge is free.<br/>
                                Where the world has not been broken up into fragments by narrow domestic walls.<br/>
                                Where words come out from the depth of truth,<br/>
                                where tireless striving stretches its arms toward perfection.<br/>
                                Where the clear stream of reason has not lost its way<br/>
                                into the dreary desert sand of dead habit.<br/>
                                Where the mind is led forward by thee<br/>
                                into ever widening thought and action.<br/>
                                In to that heaven of freedom, my father,<br/>
                                LET MY COUNTRY AWAKE!”<br/>

                                ― <b>Nobel Prize Winner Rabindranath Tagore</b>

                            </p>
                            <p class="w3-margin-left" style="text-align: justify">
                                Bhartiya Jantantra Manch (BJManch for short) is the world's first ever and unique initiative that aims to unite the citizens of India on the Internet. 
                                It is a portal to be used by the minds who truly appreciate democracy and the power of rational and progressive thinking. If we say that India is a major IT power of the world, 
                                then why must not India make an initiative to make use of the Internet in spreading rational thinking? However, I must clarify that using the portal is not more difficult than using Facebook or WhatsApp.
                            </p>
                            <p class="w3-margin-left" style="text-align: justify">
                                The Portal aims to function on primarily two domains, which are forums and surveys and every registered member is allowed to start a Forum or a Survey . 
                                In forums, all members can give their views on any national issue and that’s how we can debate on the issues rationally. The second domain is that of the surveys, which again would be very closely aligned to the forums. 
                                In the surveys, the members of the portal will be able to give their opinions or cast their votes whether they agree with the subject matter of the survey or not! 
                            </p>

                            <p class="w3-margin-left" style="text-align: justify">
                                BJManch is a national forum where all the existing divisive and vacuous political ideologies will be done away with and the common sense will connect people to collectively ‘reason’ and establish a new system of governance, 
                                the system for our future, our children’s futures and all the generations to come. The new system will be based purely on ‘reasoning’ and ‘vision of future’, to lead with an example; first to push India ahead and eventually 
                                to create an example to move the whole world forward without EVER looking back!
                            </p>

                            <p class="w3-margin-left" style="text-align: justify">
                                Of course, the grassroots are not forgotten! It is very important that the individuals who make contributions at the grassroots must connect with other citizens via the Internet and share their work and their ideas. 
                                This will facilitate the old saying of “Think Globally, Act Locally”.
                            </p>

                            <p class="w3-margin-left" style="text-align: justify">
                                Though the Manch will stay politically inactive for ever, but shall aim to keep spreading Democracy across all corners of India. For now, it is enough to say that the current political parties that we have are 
                                not serving the nation but only their own narrow agendas and ideologies. At least, we all firmly believe that the political parties that we vote for are regressive and not progressive at all! In spite of all the 
                                new tenets of Democracy such as equality and liberty that we adopted during our Independence from the foreign rules in 1947, we continue to slip back to divisive ideologies on the basis of religions, castes and class. 
                                How sad!
                            </p>

                            <p class="w3-margin-left" style="text-align: justify">
                                Further, there is no denying in the fact that the recent pandemic of Coronavirus has battered the world economies like no other economic recession could do in the past. In the past, the economic recessions were more or less 
                                the cyclic - in the forms of booms and busts. But the severe damage done to the world economy by the corona pandemic has effectively wiped out all the wealths of the nations. This time we are not talking of reviving the 
                                economy but need to reboot it and hunt for a new set of economic indicators.
                            </p>

                            <p class="w3-margin-left" style="text-align: justify">
                                The new set of economic indicators, in my mind, must be based on the key elements such as -
                                <ul>
                                    <li  style="text-align: justify;">
                                        First, more important than all - eliminate corruption of every form - financial, moral and religious from our country and society. We are already very late in handling this  termite that has already brought out 
                                        great civilization on the verge of collapse. If we do not make a collective resolution to systematically destroy this disease, then no force of the universe can rescue us. On the other hand, if we  make a start 
                                        to live and honest living, then we have a golden opportunity to not only restore the lost glory of our grand civilization but also to restore the pride of our great  nation as well.
                                    </li>
                                    <li style="text-align: justify;">
                                        The United Nations’ Human Development Index (HDI) reflects the state of economy that is far better than the exclusively GDP/GNI based index, which only reflects the index of wealth we accumulate as a country rather 
                                        than showing how equitable that wealth is generated in the country and neither does it reflect the development of humans as real resources or assets of a nation. Needless to say, we must adopt this UN Index going 
                                        forward.
                                    </li>
                                    <li style="text-align: justify;">
                                        Customize the UN’s HDI to suit India’s unique challenges for poverty alleviation both in urban and rural areas. As per the UN’s Human Index Development report, at the end of year 2019, we are at 130th rank in the list of 190 or so countries 
                                        of the world. Whereas in terms of GDP we ranked at position 5 ahead of Great Britain and France. 
                                    </li>
                                    <li style="text-align: justify;">
                                        Establish a Ministry of Peace as a wing of the Ministry of Defence-so that the proposals and scopes for a Ministry of Peace to co-exist with the Ministry of Defense.
                                    </li>
                                    <li style="text-align: justify;">
                                        Give extra efforts and weightage to the efforts to restore our lost environment both in cities and villages - work to bring back flora and fauna filled jungles.- identify the birds and animal species that are 
                                        becoming extinct and make definite plans to revive them. In other words, learn how we can all re-learn to live in harmony with nature and not by destroying it!

                                    </li>
                                    <li style="text-align: justify;">
                                        Swachh Bharat - will have to make cells of volunteers who would clean the streets of our country. Let us not be reliant on any government agency to do that for us and let all the citizens of this country assume 
                                        that direct responsibility.
                                    </li>
                                    <li style="text-align: justify;">
                                        Women Empowerment - Both Urban and Rural areas - literacy, training in child development, more active participation in democracy by having channels to raise their voice etc. We would need lots of volunteers for 
                                        this mammoth task.

                                    </li>
                                    <li style="text-align: justify;">
                                        Extract Wisdom heritage from the ageing population - both from urban and rural areas. 
                                    </li>
                                    <li style="text-align: justify;">
                                        Educate all citizens of India in modern sciences, especially Information Technology that can truly change India in the 21st and 22nd century.
                                    </li>

                                    <li style="text-align: justify;">
                                        Explore Astronomy and Space to eradicate superstitions that still prevail amongst us to a large extent.
                                    </li>
                                    <li style="text-align: justify;">
                                        Propagate the concept of “Sukh” amongst masses and let's aim to make everyone sukhi - explain to the citizens of India what ‘Sukh’ actually implies and how it is different from happiness (khushi) and joy (harsh).
                                    </li>
                                    <li style="text-align: justify;">
                                        Give due Importance of Sports and Fitness(Yoga) to all humans - of course to be linked up with good Nutrition, clean Environment and peaceful living.
                                    </li>

                                </ul>

                            </p>
                            <p class="w3-margin-left" style="text-align: justify">
                                Finally, I would like to share my personal thoughts with all the citizens of India. We have no other option but to move forward and claim the future and make a mark in human history as Indians. 
                                We have to move forward and take bitter lessons that history has taught us for the last 2000 years or more. The invaders and imperialists did their utmost best to distort our history and crush our spirits 
                                and they failed! All we need to do now is to revive our spirits that need to spread tolerance, acceptance and peace.
                            </p>

                            <p class="w3-margin-left" style="text-align: justify">
                                By no means I am suggesting that modern India in the time ahead needs to lower the defenses - rather the opposite. We do need to keep defending our frontiers for all times to come and at the same time 
                                maintain harmony and discipline within our boundaries and then promote them outside our frontiers. Our Police force needs to play a very vital role in maintaining internal peace and social harmony. 
                                This is because it is only the Police that safeguards our society and neighborhoods all the time and the citizens of the country should see them as their guardian friends and to whom we can reach out for help.
                            </p>
                            <p class="w3-margin-left" style="text-align: justify">
                                The work of civilians won’t be less critical by any means. It is the civilians defended by our armed and police forces that will take the primary responsibility to roll our nation and our society forward - 
                                all businessmen, civil servants, entrepreneurs, doctors, engineers, farmers, sports persons, intellectuals, artists and many other such professions need to give steel-like spine to our country.
                            </p>
                            <p class="w3-margin-left" style="text-align: justify">
                                Similarly, our peace and spirituality loving brothers and sisters need to spread wisdom across all the corners of the globe and make 'mother planet' full of bliss for all its children. But there is no doubt that our 
                                first goal is to bring our own house in perfect order first. In other words, it is upon all of us to establish the ‘Nav (New) Bharat Varsh', thereby creating an example for the rest of humanity.
                            </p>
                            <p class="w3-margin-left" style="text-align: justify">
                                Will it happen overnight? No not at all! It will take time to mobilise 1.4 billion people but having said that all of us can definitely create such an image in our minds in an instant. 
                                My friends, we need to shed all our fears and weaknesses and we must move forward on this difficult journey as 'peaceful warriors'. But what I am definitely certain of is - if we keep the sight of our horizon clear in our minds at 
                                all times and keep moving forward one step at a time - all together, then the journey would become a bliss for all us and our next generations as well.
                            </p>
                            <p class="w3-margin-left" style="text-align: justify">
                                Jai green and Khushal Bharat. 
                            </p>
                        </div>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>