<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
                template="/WEB-INF/template/BjmTemplate.xhtml"
                xmlns:c="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsp/jstl/core"
                xmlns:pt="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough"
                xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core">

    <ui:define name="content">
        <div class="w3-col m7">
            <div class="w3-row-padding">
                <div class="w3-col m12">
                    <div class="w3-card w3-round w3-white">
                        <div class="w3-container w3-padding">
                            <h3 class="w3-margin-left">Privacy Policy</h3>
                            <p class="w3-margin-left">bjmanch.org operates the site (www.bjmanch.org) to provide services 
                                including social media.
                            </p>
                            <p class="w3-margin-left">
                                bjmanch.org is committed to protecting users' privacy and addressing potential privacy concerns. 
                                The following information has been posted to help you, the consumer, understand what private 
                                information we collect and how your information is used.
                            </p>
                            <h4>Types of private information collected</h4>
                            <p class="w3-margin-left">
                                To best serve your needs, we collect the following types of information when you visit (website).
                            </p>
                            <h4>Personal information</h4>
                            <p class="w3-margin-left">
                                We collect the following personal information from our users:
                                <ul>
                                    <li>Personal Details: Firstname, Last Name, Email address, gender, date of birth</li>
                                    <li>Political Constituency: Lok Sabha Constituency, Vidhan Sabha Constituency, State/UT name</li>
                                </ul>
                            </p>
                            <h4>Automatically collected information</h4>
                            <p class="w3-margin-left">We automatically collect data on how our users visit www.bjmanch.org,, such as your IP address, location, 
                                browser, browser language, operating system and device identifiers, and cookies.
                            </p>
                            <div class="w3-panel w3-blue w3-border">
                                <p>We do not link your account with any social media account. But this policy might change in the 
                                    future. If that happens we will change this Privacy Policy accordingly.
                                </p>
                            </div>
                            <h4>Policy on collecting sensitive personal information</h4>
                            <p class="w3-margin-left">www.bjmanch.org does not gather any of your sensitive personal information, such as your Aadhar Card Number, Passport number, driver's license number, race, ethnicity, religion, health metrics, political associations, or details on your criminal background.How the information collected is used
                                We only use your personal information to help you utilize everything   has to offer. This includes:
                                <ul>
                                    <li>Creating and maintaining an account with us</li>
                                    <li>Creating Forums, Surveys and Blogs</li>
                                    <li>Participating in all Forums, Surveys and Blogs</li>
                                    <li>‘Report Abuse’ functionality provided with Forums, Surveys and Blogs.</li>
                                    <li>At the time of nominating a Candidate for Lok Sabha elections from your Lok Sabha constituency.</li>
                                    <li>At the time of nominating a Candidate for Vidhan Sabha elections from your Vidhan Sabha constituency.</li>
                                    <li>At times when we send you emails in the following scenarios:
                                        <ul>
                                            <li>Successful creation of a Forum or a Survey.</li>
                                            <li>Successful publishing of a Blog.</li>
                                            <li>Lok Sabha candidate nomination.</li>
                                            <li>Vidhan Sabha candidate nomination.</li>
                                            <li>When you report abuse on the Forum, Survey or Blog published by you.</li>
                                            <li>When some other user of www.bjmanch.org contacts us to report any abuse you have posted while posting comments on their 
                                                Forum(s), Survey(s) or Blog(s).
                                            </li>
                                        </ul>

                                    </li>    
                                </ul>
                            </p>
                            <h4>Length of time personal information is stored</h4>
                            <p class="w3-margin-left">
                                We may store your personal information for an extended period of time, depending on how we need to use the information. 
                                For example, we'll keep your email address and name on file as long as
                                <ul>
                                    <li>you have comments posted on Forums, Surveys and Blogs.</li>
                                    <li>You have nominated a candidate for your Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabha constituencies - until the respective 
                                        assemblies are dissolved for the next round of elections.</li>
                                </ul>
                            </p>
                            <h4>Who the information is shared with</h4>
                            <p class="w3-margin-left">
                                We may share your information only with the government agencies if ever a need arises that the Government has 
                                valid reasons to check our users database. Other than that we might share your personal information with other 
                                web applications that we launch in the future, but you would be duly informed in advance and final decision 
                                to avail our new services from our web sites under the same umbrella company. Moreover, it is obvious that as 
                                and when we registered an umbrella company, there would be an overhaul of the Privacy Policy for the umbrella 
                                company and all other websites that would be included within the folds off the umbrella company, including the
                                existing website www.bjmanch.org
                            </p>
                            <h4>Information Security</h4>
                            <p class="w3-margin-left">
                                We do our best to keep your private information secure and safe. Most of your personal information 
                                is encrypted and is therefore protected from being accessed by outside users. However, data leaks 
                                and malicious attacks do happen. Please understand that while we do our best to protect your data, 
                                providing your personal information is at your own risk.
                            </p>
                            <h4>Ability to decline to provide personal information</h4>
                            <p class="w3-margin-left">
                                You can, of course, decline to disclose your personal information to us. However, the failure to provide 
                                us with pertinent information may limit your ability to fully benefit from   and all of its offerings. 
                                Remember, we only ask for personal information that can help us fully provide our services to our customers.
                            </p>
                            <h4>Additional questions</h4>
                            <p class="w3-margin-left">
                                If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, feel free to contact us at  contact@bjmanch.org . 
                                A bjmanch.org representative will respond to your privacy policy questions as soon as possible.
                            </p>
                            <h4>Policy update</h4>
                            <p class="w3-margin-left">
                                This privacy policy was last updated on 3rd January, 2025. If we adjust the privacy policy, we will 
                                email all account holders of this change and post the most recent update date here. Once posted, 
                                the new privacy policy shall be effective immediately.
                            </p>
                        </div>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>    

