<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
	template="/WEB-INF/template/BjmTemplate.xhtml"
	xmlns:c="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsp/jstl/core"
	xmlns:pt="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough"
	xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core">

	<ui:define name="content">
		<div class="w3-col m7">
			<div class="w3-row-padding">
				<div class="w3-col m12">
					<div class="w3-card w3-round w3-white">
						<div class="w3-container w3-padding">
							<h4 class="w3-margin-left">Terms and Conditions</h4>
							<p class="w3-margin-left">bjmanch.org Web Productions
								(“bjmanch.org”, “we” or “us”) operates the website services
								(“the Program”) on the www.bjmanch.org website (the “Site”) (the
								Program and Site collectively referred the “Services”). These
								Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms”) govern your use of the
								Services. Please read these Terms carefully before using the
								Services.</p>
							<h5>Acceptance of Terms</h5>
							<ol type="1">
								<li>These Terms constitute an electronic contract that
									establishes the legally binding terms you must accept to use
									the Services. These Terms includes GDFNow.org’s Privacy Policy.</li>
								<li>By accessing or using the Service, you accept these
									Terms and agree to the terms, conditions and notices contained
									or referenced herein. To withdraw this consent, you must cease
									using the Services. This Agreement may be modified by
									GDFNow.org from time to time, such modifications to be
									effective upon posting by us in the Service.</li>
							</ol>
							<h5>User Content</h5>
							<ol type="1">
								<li>The Site may allow users to post, link, share or
									otherwise make available certain text, graphics, videos or
									other materials (“User Content”). You are solely responsible
									for all User Content you post, including its legality,
									reliability and appropriateness according to these Terms.</li>
								<li>By posting User Content on our Site, you represent and
									warrant that:
									<ol type="a">
										<li>You own the User Content or have the right to use it
											and grant us the rights and license as provided in these
											Terms;</li>

										<li>the postings of your User Content on or through the
											Site does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights,
											copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person</li>
									</ol>
								</li>
								<li>bjmanch.org reserves all rights to block or remove any
									User Content on or through the Site that we determine to be:
									<ol type="a">
										<li>abusive, defamatory, or obscene;</li>

										<li>fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading;</li>

										<li>in violation of a copyright, trademark, or other
											intellectual property right of another;</li>
										<li>offensive or otherwise unacceptable, in our sole
											discretion.</li>
									</ol>

								</li>
								<li>By posting User Content, you grant bjmanch.org the
									right and license to use, modify, publicly perform, display,
									reproduce and distribute such User Content on and through the
									Services. You retain any and all of your rights to any User
									Content you submit and are responsible for protecting those
									rights.</li>
							</ol>
							<h5>Disclaimers</h5>
							<ol type="1">
								<li>The Services are provided on an "as is" and "as
									available" basis, and you acknowledge and agree that you use
									the Services at your own and sole risk. We expressly disclaim
									all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied,
									including but not limited to, implied warranties of
									merchantability, and fitness for a particular purpose, title
									and non-infringement.</li>
								<li>Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we
									make no guarantees in relation to the following:
									<ol type="a">
										<li>the Services will meet your requirements or
											expectations;</li>
										<li>the Services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure,
											or error-free;</li>
										<li>the accuracy, quality or reliability of the Services;</li>
										<li>any information you provide or we collect will not be
											disclosed to third parties; or</li>
										<li>third parties will not use your confidential
											information in an unauthorized manner. Under no circumstances
											will we be responsible for any loss or damage, including
											personal injury or death, resulting from anyone's use of the
											Services or any conduct or interactions between users of our
											Services.</li>
									</ol>
								</li>
								<li>Our Program only provides a passive means for third
									parties to post comments on your website. We have no control
									over any comments made by third parties on or through the
									Program, nor do the third party comments necessarily reflect
									the views or opinions of bjmanch.org. You are solely
									responsible for monitoring any comments posted in reply to your
									postings and inform the compliance /admin of bjmanch.org.</li>

							</ol>
							<h5>Limitation of Liability</h5>
							<ol type="1">
								<li>You agree that we will not be liable for any damages
									whatsoever, including direct, indirect, incidental, punitive,
									special, consequential or exemplary damages arising from,
									relating to or connected with:
									<ol type="a">
										<li>the use or inability to use the Services;</li>
										<li>any other matter arising from, relating to or
											connected with the Services or these Terms.</li>
									</ol>
								</li>
								<li>We will not be liable for any failure or delay in
									performing under these Terms where such failure or delay is due
									to causes beyond our reasonable control, including natural
									disasters, governmental acts or omissions, laws or regulations,
									terrorism, labor strikes or difficulties, communication system
									breakdowns, hardware or software failures, transportation
									stoppages or slowdowns or the inability to procure supplies or
									materials.</li>
								<li>You acknowledge and agree that the disclaimers of
									warranties and these limitations of liability are an agreed
									upon allocation of risk between you and us. You acknowledge and
									agree that if you did not agree to these limitations of
									liability we would not provide the Services to you. You
									acknowledge and agree that such provisions are reasonable and
									fair.</li>
							</ol>
							<h5>Indemnity</h5>
							<ol type="1">
								<li>You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us, and our
									subsidiaries, parents, affiliates, and each of our and their
									directors, officers, managers, members, partners, agents, other
									representatives, employees and customers (each an “Indemnified
									Party” and collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”), harmless
									from any claim, demand, action, damage, loss, cost or expense,
									including without limitation, attorneys' fees and costs,
									investigation costs and settlement expenses, incurred in
									connection with any investigation, claim, action, suit or
									proceeding of any kind brought against any Indemnified Party
									arising out of your use of the Services, any alleged or actual
									infringement of the intellectual property rights of any party,
									any injury or damage to property or person, any act by you in
									connection with any user of the Services or any other third
									party, or alleging facts or circumstances that could constitute
									a breach by you of any provision of these Terms and/or any of
									the representations and warranties set forth above.</li>
							</ol>
							<h5>Termination</h5>
							<ol type="1">
								<li>You acknowledge and agree that we, in our sole
									discretion, may terminate your access to the Services for any
									reason, including, without limitation, your breach of these
									Terms. You understand and agree that we are not required, and
									may be prohibited, from disclosing to you the reason for
									termination of your access to the Services. You acknowledge and
									agree that any termination of your access to the Service may be
									effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that
									we may immediately deactivate or delete your user profile and
									bar any further access to the Service. Further, you acknowledge
									and agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party
									for any costs or damages of any kind for or resulting from any
									termination of your access to our Service.</li>
								<li>All provisions of these Terms shall survive
									termination, including but not limited to ownership provisions,
									warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability</li>
							</ol>
							<h5>Modification to Services</h5>
							<ol type="1">
								<li>We reserve the right at any time to modify or
									discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any
									part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that we shall
									not be liable to you or to any third party for any
									modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.</li>
							</ol>
							<h5>Proprietary Rights</h5>
							<ol type="1">
								<li>bjmanch.org owns and retains all proprietary rights in
									the Services, and in all content, trademarks, trade names,
									service marks and other intellectual property rights related
									thereto. The Services contains the copyrighted material,
									trademarks, and other proprietary information of bjmanch.org.
									You agree to not copy, modify, transmit, create any derivative
									works from, make use of, or reproduce in any way any
									copyrighted material, trademarks, trade names, service marks,
									or other intellectual property or proprietary information
									accessible through the Service. You agree to not remove,
									obscure or otherwise alter any proprietary notices appearing on
									any content, including copyright, trademark and other
									intellectual property notices.</li>
							</ol>
							<h5>Third Party Content, Links and Pages</h5>
							<ol type="1">
								<li>In your use of the Services, you may access content
									from third parties ("Third Party Content"), either through the
									Services or through links to third party web sites. We do not
									control Third Party Content and make no representations or
									warranties about it. We do not endorse or accept any
									responsibility for any Third Party Content. You acknowledge and
									agree that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Third
									Party Content that is false, offensive, indecent, inaccurate,
									incomplete or otherwise objectionable. Third Party Content is
									subject to the privacy and security policies of those third
									parties, which may differ substantially from our privacy
									policies. You acknowledge and agree that Third Party Content is
									the sole responsibility of the authors or sites displaying such
									Third Party Content and under no circumstances will we be
									liable in any way for any Third Party Content, including,
									without limitation, any inaccuracies, errors or omissions in
									any Third Party Content or any losses, liabilities or damages
									of any kind arising out of or incurred as a result of the use
									of any Third Party Content. You agree that you must evaluate,
									and bear all risks associated with Third Party Content.</li>
							</ol>
							<h5>No Advice</h5>
							<ol type="1">
								<li>Any advice that may be provided in the Services is for
									informational purposes only and is not intended to replace or
									substitute the advice of a professional. bjmanch.org makes no
									representations or warranties and expressly disclaims any and
									all liability concerning any treatment, action by, or effect on
									any person following the information offered or provided within
									or through the Services. If you have specific concerns or a
									situation arises in which you require professional advice, you
									should consult with an appropriately trained and qualified
									specialist.</li>
							</ol>
							<h5>Notice</h5>
							<ol type="1">
								<li>bjmanch.org may provide you with notices, including
									those regarding changes to these Terms, using any reasonable
									means now known or hereafter developed, including by email,
									regular mail, SMS text message or postings in the Services.
									Such notices may not be received if you violate this Terms by
									accessing the Services in an unauthorized manner. You agree
									that you are deemed to have received any and all notices that
									would have been delivered had you accessed the Services in an
									authorized manner.</li>
							</ol>
							<h5>Governing Law</h5>
							<ol type="1">
								<li>These Terms shall be governed by the law of the
									Country of your residence i.e. from where you have registered
									your profile.</li>
							</ol>
							<h5>Assignment</h5>
							<ol type="1">
								<li>You do not have the right to assign these Terms or any
									of your rights under the Services to anyone. bjmanch.org has the
									right to assign any or all of its rights and obligations under
									these Terms or to the Services to any third party. Provided
									such rights and obligations are assumed by such third party,
									bjmanch.org shall be relieved of any and all liability under
									these Terms and in such event you hereby agree to release
									bjmanch.org of all liability, claims, charges, damages and
									causes of action.</li>
							</ol>
							<h5>Miscellaneous</h5>
							<ol type="1">
								<li>These Terms, together with our Privacy Policy contain
									the entire understanding of the parties regarding their subject
									matter, and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements
									and understandings between the parties regarding their subject
									matter. These Terms shall be binding on the parties, their
									successors and permitted assigns. No failure or delay by a
									party in exercising any right, power or privilege under these
									Terms shall operate as a waiver thereof. The invalidity or
									unenforceability of any of these Terms shall not affect the
									validity or enforceability of any other of these Terms, all of
									which shall remain in full force and effect. The headings used
									in these Terms are for convenience only and shall not be deemed
									to define or limit the content of any provision of these Terms.</li>
							</ol>
							<br/>
							If you have any comments or questions about our Services or these Terms, please contact us. 
						</div>
					</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
